one of the most deadliest nights that's
how people currently evacuating from
Rafa described last night as it was one
of the deadliest nights they experienced
since more than
128 days in the Gaza Strip a lot of
Palestinians currently displaced in
rafah are currently using this road AR
Rashid Road connecting gra withun there
in and the middle area together this is
the only Road they can take to evacuate
from place to another we have been
talking to people and they are telling
us that they do not have any place to go
to some people have been um searching
for a place since the morning in inun
but they did not find any place people
saying that they have this place for
more than five to six times now and
every time they're trying to search to
for an area that may be consider safe
but they also believe that even if they
are evacuated to or to or to any place
it's going to come a time where they are
going to evacuate another
time we felt it might be slightly safer
here in der Al Bala we're not completely
safe anywhere of course but it's better
to be in a group there's also access to
some fresh water here so things are
slightly better I'm currently in an
empty area inah this area was completely
empty this morning all of these people
that are building up their tents came in
the early hours of the morning to D
balah and chose this area because it's
one of the areas that have uh close
water because it's very close to the Sea
as you see people have been displaced
more than one time this family was
displaced for more than seven times and
now they came to because they think that
it is
safe we first fled to Ali then and then
ra last night we had to leave the school
where we were Sheltering we decided to
flee to the nearest area vacated by the
Israelis which
is all of the people are frustrated are
despair they're saying that the quad
captures came into the school
and where they were seeking refuge in
their tents and started shooting live
ammunition on people at least 60
Palestinians have been killed in rafah
last night people say that they're stuck
between death starvation and
displacement this is hind
Al